spr forums inside the lines is brought
to you by ladbrokes we've been week 17
in the NFL here at sbr forum videos on
Peter lojack we're talking right now
with Troy west from all plays wind calm
yet another stellar week with us last
week 2 and 1 overall including a great
pic with the Baltimore over the giants
that went contrarian to what a lot of
people were posting on YouTube and on
the forum at sbr Troy thanks for being
back with us thanks Pete another winning
weekend I hope these people are starting
to come a little bit of a believer in
our company we're starting to do great
things another two in one weekend I
can't tell you how many of those we've
had throughout the year and a lot of
sweeps looking forward to this final
week in the NFL I see some value during
these two games we're gonna be talking
about this yeah I think these people
have got to be believers and I guess to
the people who you know have seen what
you've done all year long and who aren't
yet believers I say to you what more do
you want what more do you want Troy west
from all plays wind calm to do and
post-op you to Niagara good I could it
we're taking a little bit of eat on
there and Baltimore comes out and
destroys the sign so if those guys are
fighting their tongues a little bit
hopefully though I know come on the
winning side this weekend okay well
let's talk about Dallas from Washington
we just talked about gain event
absolutely nothing where we both agreed
that we thought we saw some good value
this game of course means everything and
I'm looking at this line thinking I
don't know I this looks like just a
standard you know a tough NFL line like
a from the regular season that you know
looks like a very tight accurate line
but you picked it and a lot of cappers
actually this week we're requesting this
game I gave it to you and it's you know
washing two three or three and a half
point home favourite the winner wins the
NFC east and you know Tony Romo playing
great give it up credit where credit is
due you know he's been playing great for
you know six weeks now Washington on the
other hand they've been playing great
too no matter who's been at quarterback
wise to the three or three and half
point favorite I guess at first glance i
take washington but why can't dallas
with hello doston win this football game
I just think Dallas is playing it really
really good football you watch the game
against the Saints down 14 13 32 play
they thought their seasons were on their
lives in that game they come rally back
from 14 down they tie it up still to
lose the game and you look at the faces
of those players kind of somewhat
dejected and then new life new life they
still got an opportunity to win the
vision I think this team full of
veterans are going to rally together I
think they're going to go into
Washington win this football game for a
number of reason Tony Romo was playing
his best ball this season the defense
has been struggling lately there too for
big game they've seen the rg3 tough to
beat a team twice in the season I like
Dallas to come away with the big win on
Sunday I'm taking them out right I think
Jason Garrett's got a lot to prove i
think the preparation of dallas is going
to be there i think the house is the
better football team in general more
talent on both sides of the football I
like him to come with that they went on
Sunday night yes see this reminds me of
a lot of the pics that you've given this
year it looks like you know it looks
like a solid you know lying to me with
no value you could make a good argument
for for both sides then you come out
saying that you you know you loved one
side you have been right more often than
not and I guess yeah I mean if this game
does come down to the wire getting a
field goal or field goal in a hook is
great but I mean Washington's won six in
a row since thereby and rg3 is playing
great if he goes down Kirk Cousins
playing great I mean none of that will
you know scares you off the betta Dallas
I just you know Dallas has been in this
game so many times you know they
struggled in it it's hard to go for him
but I just think the veteran status at
Tony Romo the veteran with DeMarcus Ware
Jason went miles off and all the guys
that dallas has got they played this big
game one too many times we left the town
again rg3 is new to this lot of those
redskins are new to this I just think
Dallas with the veteran squad that
they're going to be bringing in sunday
with ups and downs that they've had all
season yet to still have an opportunity
to win the division and a long game and
the playoffs I roll with the Cowboys in
this one I think it's going to be I
think it should be a good ballgame but I
like Dallas to come away by a touchdown
in this game all right yeah and like i
said if its seed you know tide going
down to the wire you're gonna like
getting three and a half if if you took
dallas all right we shall see thanks so
much Troy great preview once again